Rule34Companion is a suite of 4 programs and plugins that improve the experience of rule34.xxx and to manage the files you download from it. In summery:

Rule34Downloader will use the rule34.xxx api and your provided whitelist/blacklist tags to download images.

FirefoxRule34TagFilter is a firefox extension that will allow you to filter images past the maximum default of 100 negative tags when browsing the website.

Rule34Viewer will display images you've downloaded, and can filter the images using the same tag system.

BulkImageDeleter will delete images based on tags.


Installation instructions:
Rule34Downloader and BulkImageDeleter do not require any installations, simply run the Rule34Downloader.exe and ImageDeleter.exe.

Rule34Viewer does not require installation, however it does need python 3.10 or later to run. Launch  the program by opening a command prompt and navigating to the directory it is located in and typing "python viewer.py" without quotes.

FirefoxRule34TagFilter is installed by typing "about:debugging" without quotes into the address bar and pressing enter. Then select "This Firefox" on the left. Click the "Load Temporary Add-on" button, then select manifest.json. If running in a private window, you must also enable the extentions to work while private browsing clicking the "Application Menu" button in the upper right (three horizontal bars), then "Extensions and Themes", then "Rule34 Unlimited Tag Filter", then select "Run in Private Window".


Detailed instructions for each program.
FirefoxRule34TagFilter: click on the "Extensions" button in the upper right of the firefox window (puzzle piece idon) and then click "Rule34 Unlimited Tag Filter" to open a small pop-up where you can input whitelist and blaclist tags. This filtering occurs client side after the search is completed with whatever whitelist and blacklist tags you have put into the rule34.xxx/ search bar and blacklist tags you have added to your account profile. This means that pags still populate normally, results are just hidden based on the filters in this extension. Best use of this extension is to use the search bar to search for tags you want, and use this extension to blacklist tags you don't want to see.

Rule34Downloader: Create a rule34.xxx account and navigate to https://rule34.xxx/index.php?page=account&s=options. There you will find a sections labeled API Access Credentials. If the field is blank, click the box labeled Generate New Key. Put the API Key and User ID generated into the correct input fields of the Rule34Downloader program. Input your positive and negative tags in the correct input fields. Set a download location and select the blacklist file location, usually located in the Rule34Viewer folder as deleted_images.txt. Set the maximum number of downloads and press "Search". When the search is completed press download. This program will avoid downloading duplicates. If the blacklist file is set, previously deleted images will also be avoided. The program is throttled to a maximum of 1 image per second to avoid timeouts. Single images can be downloaded by inserting the full link to the rule34.xxx page in the bar at the bottom and clicking "Force Download". This will ignore any restrictions, such as tag filtering, avoiding duplicates (it will overwrite the existing file), or avoiding previously deleted images. Along with the downloaded image a json sidecar will be created that containts the tags of the image with the same name. This sidecar is used by the viewer and the bulk image deleter programs.

Rule34Viewer: When the viewer is lanuched, select the folder where you downloads are located. Useing the Delete button or pressing the delete key will delete the currently viewing image and the json sidecare, as well as adding the image to a list of deleted images so that it cannot be downloaded again. The filter bar works the same way as the search bar on rule34.xxx. Input your tags and press enter to begin the filtering process. It may take several seconds to several minutes to filter the tags properly, depending on the size of your library and system specs. The program may appear frozen, but give it time to think. The Random, Slideshow, and Shuffle options are hopefully obvious. The timer field determins how fast the images go when in slideshow mode. There is no true full screen, you can only maximize the image. The viewer will play .gif files, but not .webm, .mp4, or any other video files. If there are video files in your image library, the viewer will skip over them to the next image. Navigate to the next or previous image with the left or right arrow keys. If shuffle is enabled, the next and previous image will be random. The slideshow option will work withe shuffle and show random images.

BulkImageDeleter: This will launch a command prompt where you must input the the location of the image repository, the tag you wish to delete, and the location of the blacklist file. All three must be provided for the program the work. Images deleted this way will be added to the list of images that will not be downloaded again. Images deleted this way cannot be undone, be careful. This tool does not use advanced tag filtering, so any image that contains any tag input in the program will be deleted. It is best to do advanced filtering before downloading, and only use this tool to bulk delete when you have missed a negative filter tag and want absolutley everything with that tag deleted. Deleting a small number of images is best done through the Rule34Viewer, filtering for the tags you don't want, and deleting them there.
